[Mailer] Add feature mailer:send-email (#14725)
symfony/symfony-docs: mailer.rst

    Note that the protocol is *always* HTTPs and cannot be changed.

> Checking your configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checking your Configuration
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you have any doubt on your configuration. Or if want to make sure your mail supplier is still working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any doubt on your configuration or if want to make sure your mail supplier is working properly,
```

> You can do this with the ``mailer:send-email`` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can do this by using the ``mailer:send-email`` command:
```

> .. code-block:: terminal
> 
>     $ php bin/console mailer:send-email from=a@symfony.com to=b@symfony.com --subject=Test --body=body
> 
>     # No subject/body to send simple test mail
>     $ php bin/console mailer:send-email from=a@symfony.com to=b@symfony.com
> 
> The command can also send body from file using ``--body-source`` option:
> 
> .. code-block:: terminal
> 
>     $ php bin/console mailer:send-email from=a@symfony.com to=b@symfony.com --body-source=file --body=/path/to/file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: terminal

    // no subject or body needed to send a simple test mail
    $ php bin/console mailer:send-email from=a@symfony.com to=b@symfony.com

    // use a custom body and/or subject
    $ php bin/console mailer:send-email from=a@symfony.com to=b@symfony.com --subject=Test --body=body

    // use a file for the body
    $ php bin/console mailer:send-email from=a@symfony.com to=b@symfony.com --body-source=file --body=/path/to/file    
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. versionadded:: 5.3

    The ``mailer:send-email`` command was introduced in Symfony 5.3.
```
